important for any kind of
makeup I am going to be born
neil art a basic makeup with your
favorite glaze make a very good
cleaning then step on a file leave
even to your nails as you like later
of this they spend with alcohol a cloth and
you clean them very well from all the fat
that accumulate in the corners in
the cuticle and in the end use a base
appropriate for your nails if they are
crisp xixon grooved as a
strengthening base to make the
makeup last much longer
for our third design we are going to do
one of the favorites at this time and
they are the whiskers
for this case we will use all the
light tones that brings us from meeting in
this collection
the second step of this design is to make
two points followed in each nail I use
this tool that is a embossers
of card but you can use a
spheres or these hair clips
to finish our mustache I'm going to
get my most skinny brush I have
and I'm going to make some arcs around
the points I made
from outside the point you make
one with the point
if it happens to them that they spend the
enamel fell out of space can
make a correction
with the background color
above all very good this design I
I wanted to add something very interesting and
is this enamel so amazing that it has
reason
with very very beautiful colors
and finally remember to apply the
shine very carefully so that all
the tones that in well placed and
brilliant